So shell scripting is actually very powerful, so...we've just only done some really simple examples here,
just printing text to the screen, but there's companies out there that use it to install enterprise
level software.
So let's take Docker, for instance, its enterprise level software that works with all sorts of big
companies.
If you've never seen it before, it's just a popular piece of software, but if you go to get.docker.com
you'll see that this is just a giant shell script.
So if you--you could go into your command line and paste this in, you know, paste in these other commands,
that's a really long script.
But if you went in and ran all these commands by hand.
You would end up with Docker installed, but they've done all the work for you, so you just have to
basically run this script and it installed Docker for you.
So there's some examples in the lecture notes if you want to look at some other software that uses shell
scripts to install themselves.
But the point of the lesson is that, you know, don't underestimate what shell scripts can do because
there's a big enterprise companies out there that use them to install their software.